Hey. Big and strong.
Good morning.
Whose daughter is this?
-Oh. stop it. Mom.
-25 years waiting for this day. MaJele.
Today is your rebirth. Joyce.
This is your moment. you got that?
Today. Ma. is our day to celebrate.
Happy.
after everything that we've been through.
Let's be happy.
Hey. babies.
-Hello. my babies.
-Look at your mom. Can you see her?
Wow.
Morning. beautiful.
Morning. sir.
Fuck. fuck. fuck!
I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm on my way.
No. Uncle. No.
Uh-uh. uh-uh. No. no.
You really have the worst possible timing.
Hey. boy.
Who do you think you're talking to?
No. I'm sorry.
-Thank you. Buhle.
-Okay.
Wow.
Read this.
-What's this?
-Those are your expenses. Menzi.
The company credit card isn't yours.
Look at the bank charges.
Parties and girls… for what?
What's going on?
Uh. but Uncle.
you taught me all of this. you know?
But you know our clients
need to be entertained. old timer.
So I taught you to be careless?
No. old timer.
I wasn't just drinking alcohol only.
This was for work. old timer.
Um. you wanted to see me?
Yes. Sarah. Sit down.
Sit down. I wanted to see the both of you.
It sounds serious. What's up?
My children. I was talking to your father.
-Now--
-No. If you're talking about Jonasi.
-then this meeting is over.
-Menzi.
-I don't wanna talk about it.
Menzi. Oh. my word.
Menzi.
Menzi. Menzi. wait.
I know we all have our reasons
to be angry at our father.
But the man is dying. Menzi.
He's dying.
Doesn't that count for anything?
I won't keep repeating myself.
I don't want anything
that has to do with Jonasi.
Menzi. I'm not saying forgive him.
what I am saying is that
you shouldn't let him
keep living in your head day and night.
-Wow.
-The space you're giving him?
It's not worth it.
Wait. wait. Hold on. my sister.
See. if Jonasi starts taking his
medication now. he won't die.
I want to hear from you now.
This advice you're giving me now.
is it working for you and Mpume?
Oh.
So. you're still
not talking to each other?
Now. listen.
Whatever you decide to preach to me.
make sure you practice it first.
Don't tell me about Jonasi.
Tumelo.
Please lay out everything nicely
and place the vases in between.
Okay? Thank you.
Wow. wow. wow.
Our psychologist.
My goodness.
-Granny.
-Welcome home.
-Oh. my goodness. I've missed you.
I've missed you.
Help your mother
with the other things. Get to work.
Mom.
Oh. baby.
Oh. wow. Oh. wow.
-Who's that? My brother.
-Is that who I think it is?
How are you?
I'm good.
-Oh. my bro. bro. Bro!
-Bring it in.
-Oh. my goodness.
-Hey. you're so grown now. huh?
-What?
-No ways. I'm seeing things. Mom.
This is Jonasi's blazer.
-Ah. I'm staying out of it.
-It's not like he still wears it.
-Mom.
-Wow.
What? Leave me alone.
Go to your grandmother.
-Come.
-Take off that blazer.
Your daughter is at it again.
How's Menzi doing?
He seems a bit different.
He's good. He's really trying.
This thing of yours of not
wanting to come home and visit.
You should come more often.
You know how I feel about that house.
It's full of bad memories.
And as for you.
I'm so proud of you.
You know. I feel like
I lost myself for a bit there.
-Yeah.
-You know?
But now… now I feel
like I found myself all over again.
and I'm happy.
I love it for you. Ma.
Thank you.
I sometimes think about him
and often wonder where he is.
-Wow.
-What is he doing? With who? And where?
That's Jonasi Gomora for you. Mpume.
I know him and everywhere he's been.
You see. where he is right now.
we can bet a million
he's up to his usual shenanigans.
-Yeah.
-Yes!
So you don't have a problem
with your dad hearing us have sex?
Yeah. don't worry about him.
-He's gonna be fine.
-Bitch!
You're a fucking bitch!
Mpume.
Hi. I heard you're around.
And I've been trying to reach you. Mpume.
I just want us to talk. Mpume.
I want to apologize
for everything that happened.
Sarah. apologizing won't change anything.
I know.
What I did was fucked up. Mpume.
Honestly. I was hurting. It was--
A cry for help. right?
-I've heard that story before.
-It's not a story. Mpume.
I wanted to tell you the truth
about us being sisters.
But I was afraid.
Also hearing the awful things
you'd say about the twins.
-They're just kids. Imagine me…
-So that gave you a free pass. Sarah?
Even with Bongs?
You knew how much I loved him. Sarah.
You knew that.
You're something else. you know.
You're so annoying.
God! You're so fucking high and mighty.
Oh. please. What?
Have you ever put yourself in my shoes?
Imagine living with what I lived with
for 18 fucking years!
I didn't ask you to lie to me.
That was your choice.
Yes. you didn't have to ask me.
daddy's little girl.
But the chance
for me to tell you the truth.
you never gave me that.
You're not perfect. You are cruel.
One thing I know about myself. Sarah.
Cruel as I might have been.
what you did to me.
I would've never done that to you.
If I could take it back
or change anything. I would.
Sarah. except you can't. hey?
Let go of me. Sarah.
At the end of the day though.
we're still sisters.
-We're family.
-You're not my sister. Sarah.
Mpume.
Can you handle it?
Yes. I'm coming.
-Lindani.
-Just give me five minutes.
-Yeah.
-Lindani.
I know you're gonna love the fact
that I'm wearing the dress you like.
-Help.
-Hmm?
Lindani.
Lindani. please!
Lindani. please help me.
What?
I've been calling you!
Why am I smelling crap?
Jonasi. you shat yourself!
Hi. X.
X.
It's been a while.
I don't want to talk to you.
You knew Lindani was cheating on me.
but you didn't tell me.
Come on. no.
Don't lie.
You knew she was cheating.
you just didn't know it was with your dad.
I'm so sorry about that. X.
X. if it makes you feel any better.
Bongs cheated on me as well.
With Sarah.
Isn't she. like. your sister?
She is.
My boyfriend slept with my sister.
and my dad slept with my best friend.
Yeah. All at the same time.
-Wow. that is--
-That's messed up. I know.
Um. would you… Would you like a drink?
-Come on. you're still asking?
-No way.
I think you need one.
Just look at your mother.
Joyce. beautiful as always.
These are for you.
Thank you so much.
They're beautiful.
I appreciate you for being here.
Oh. I wouldn't have missed it.
Such an important day like this?
Never.
I appreciate it.
You're a fucking bitch!
-Lindani.
-I'm your bitch!
Now I have to wash your ass!
You're not the one
who has to wash shit off a grown man.
Move. Move. Move.
My life is at a stand still
because of you.
I've been telling you
to drink your medication. Gosh!
I've been saying the same thing.
You're dying anyway!
My goodness.
Thank you.
And thank you so much to everyone
for taking the time to celebrate with me
on this momentous occasion in my life.
-Well. it's about time.
-Yeah.
Oh. stop it. Mom.
Making the decision to raise my kids
and build my family
is a decision I'll never regret.
But now. at this juncture in my life.
-I've taken another decision.
-Amen.
-To pursue and accomplish my dreams.
-Uh-huh.
-Do the things I want to do.
-Yes.
-For me. fill my cup.
-Mmm.
And that's exactly what I did.
Yeah!
I'm so proud
to finally announce to you all
that I have written a memoir.
Sister. congratulations.
I can't wait for you guys to see it.
you know.
-Hold it. touch it. feel it. read it.
-Yes.
But for now. I want us to make a toast.
But this toast is not gonna be for me.
This toast is for every single person
in here.
To our dreams
and our achievements as well.
All of us.
And to remind one another
that no matter where we are.
no matter what we've done
or where we come from.
it is never. ever too late
to start again.
-Here. here.
Here. here.
Wow. wow. wow.
You're right. Joyce.
It's never too late to start again.
You can start by being a good wife.
And take care of your husband.
You're enjoying my money.
All this is because of me.
Right. Joyce?
My shift is done.
Now it's your turn to look after our man.
-I've never had a good wife.
-Sick!
-Magesh. do something.
-Hello. Grace.
Champagne.
Hello. Joyce.
-Brother.
-Let me remind you of our vows.
-You know. you're a piece of shit.
-What are you doing here?
-You sold me out. You're a sell-out.
-You're making a noise.
-Brother. let me go. Let go of me!
-You're embarrassing yourself.
Let's just go.
Oops.
Essie.
Yeah. I wanted to let you know
that I'm on my way.
And what's that got to do with me?
Huh?
You know what? Just give Jonasi the phone
because you're rude.
I'm sure he hasn't even eaten.
If you're looking for Jonasi.
you'll find him with Joyce.
-Hey.
-That man is not my problem anymore.
-What do you mean?
-I'm saying that Jonasi is with his wife.
His "for better or for worse".
Jonasi doesn't want you.
-When will you accept that?
-What? My word!
Who do you think you're talking to? Huh?
Now that you're having sex
with an old man. you think you're a woman?
Listen here.
I'll come there and beat you up.
Huh--
Such a bitch.
Joyce.
Joyce!
I know.
I'm fine. Don't worry. okay?
No way.
This is nothing.
Okay.
I love you too.
Bye.
Joyce.
Please call Lindani
and tell her to come here right now.
I told her I didn't want to ever
set foot in this cursed house.
Is this you. Jonasi?
You can't even get up the stairs?
Hmm?
Another thing. the only curse here
is you.
That Lindani you're relying on. Jonasi.
thinking she has your back?
-She's not coming.
-Call her.
-She'll come.
-No one is coming for you.
Just look at yourself.
-There's nothing… nothing left of you.
-Joyce. is this you now?
-Hmm?
-You now have the guts
-to talk to me like that? Hmm?
-Yes.
Even in death you're disrespectful.
Always the entitled bastard.
All right.
Lindani is who you want me to call?
-Call her.
-That's all right.
Let's give her a call. then.
I'll humor you.
Let's give her a call.
Because you need proof. right?
Lindani.
Hmm?
Wow. Would you look at that?
Oh. no. no. no.
Uh-uh.
Let me try again.
Surely. she'll pick up. Right?
Hmm?
You know what's actually funny
is that you actually thought
Lindani would really come back for you.
The young. beautiful Lindani?
Who can get any man that she wants?
That Lindani?
Will come back for you in this state?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Do you think this is funny. Joyce? Hmm?
I need your help here.
-Oh. gosh.
-And you're mocking me.
-I'm sorry.
-You're insulting me. Joyce.
-I'm sorry. Jonasi.
-Hmm?
My bad.
-It's fine. Call… Call MaQwabe.
-Mmm.
Call MaQwabe.
-She's always there when I need her.
-"MaQwabe's always there when I need her."
Hey. man. Stop being pathetic.
What kind of man are you?
You are truly pathetic.
Joyce. stop it.
Remember that time
I told you to come back home?
I wanted to help you.
I was willing to look past every
single thing that you did to me
and look after you.
You chose a slay queen
who doesn't give a damn about you.
only wanted you for your money.
That is what you chose.
So go back. Jonasi.
Go back to your filth
-and die! Go back there.
-Joyce. please.
Go back to your bullshit. Go die there!
Go back! Go back to your trash.
-Go back to where you come from.
-J-Joy…
Joyce.
Joyce!